docs: add documentation about logs (#108)
ovh/the-bastion: doc/sphinx/presentation/features.rst

Features
========

.. note::

>    This aims to be a quick overview of the main supported features of The Bastion, focusing on use cases. For a better introduction about the basic features, please refer to the frontpage of the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This aims to be a quick overview of the main supported features of The Bastion, focusing on use cases. For a better introduction about the basic features, please refer to the front page of the documentation.
```
